ODATA-1601 (#230)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-url-conventions/5 Query Options.md

signatures:

```

> Edm.String concat(Edm.String,...,Edm.String)
> Collection concat(Collection,...,Collection)
> OrderedCollection concat(OrderedCollection,...,OrderedCollection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edm.String concat(Edm.String,…,Edm.String)
Collection concat(Collection,…,Collection)
OrderedCollection concat(OrderedCollection,…,OrderedCollection)
```

```

The `concat` function with string parameter values returns a string whose

> value is the combined text of the strings provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value is the concatenation of the strings provided.
```

The concat function with collection parameter values returns a
collection whose items are the items of the collections provided.

> If all provided collections are ordered, the result is also ordered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all provided collections are ordered, the result is the ordered concatenation of the provided collections.
```
